CORE:

fix naked pawn drawing when job driver is interrupted for any reason and pawn doesnt get redressed/changes back to dressed art
split processsex(again) in 2 functions:
1st - at beginning of jobgiver to determine sex type
2nd - after sex, determine outcome

change whore beds to normal furniture?

add/change passive whoring colonist search(like cp) -> colonist know who is whore, and try to use them? may get refused by whore?
add nymph lord ai, so nymphs can behave as visitors
add sex addiction to demonic parts?
add cuminflation system and dripping cum
add insects dragging pawns to hives
gene inheritance for insect ovis

add succubus/(incubus?) (rimworld of magic):
-drains other pawn needs(food, sleep?) and refills own(cant eat normal food?
-replenish mana through sex?
-give huge op mood boost(bliss) to victims(1 day?), and then dubuff?
-succubi never reach ahegao satisfaction, thus always can have more?

workgivers(aka manual control):
-workgiver for sex with humpshrooms, increasing their growth by 1 day, causing addiction, temp? humpshroom-penis futa?
-workgiver(auto, cleaning) to collect cum

add recipe to make food from cum?
add female cum?

add some sort of right clicking sub menu:
-change parts stats(w/o operation): tentacles, slime, bionic parts
-make sex type selectable
-designate breeding pair(through relations?)

rework genital system, so it only have vag,penis,breast,anus (with comp?) storing name, severity(size?) of part
probably also rework surgeries to support those
add variable parts growth (until teen? adult?), degradation/stretching
rework sex satisfaction system(based on parts size/difference? traits/quirks etc)

integrate milkable colonists with sizes support and operations? to change milk type(w gitterworld med?)

BDSM:
-make ropes and other generic gear, that is "locked" but not with hololock unique keys - normal keys made of steel, etc
-piercing?
-blindfolds?
-vibrators?

Multiplayer:
-figure out predictable seeds instead of syncmethod's

maybe:
add support for other pregnancy mods
more sex related incidents?
backstoies: cowgirl, etc

never?
-make interactive COC like sex/stories
RatherNot (Code)
We need Pawn Sexualization Request: like Pawn Generation Request, but for generating RJW things
Current approach missing any kind of flexibility
In can be useful for race support to: instead placing checks direcly in generator you can place limitations on generator in request


older stuff
TO DO:
Add new body part groups for the bondage gear (specifically a genitals group for the CB and a jaw or mouth group for the gag, the mouth group that's already in the game won't work I'm pretty sure)
Once that (^^^) is done make it so that the groups are automatically blocked by the gear, like a more robust version of the blocks_genitals flag
Add more thoughts after sex about e.g. partner's dick size and sex skill
Look into how beds are reserved during fappin and especially nymph join-in-bed. I think right now the bed just isn't reserved.
Nymph visitors
  - Don't join, just stay on the map a while to fuck your colonists, eat your food, and do your drugs
  - Should be able to deconstruct walls or mine through mountains to get at drugs, just to troll players
Add chance for sex/fap with a peg dick to produce splinters

TO DO EVENTUALLY (AKA NEVER):
Improve detection of genital harvest vs amputation
  - (Maybe) Make it so that downgrading a pawn is considered harvesting

OTHER RANDOM/HALF-BAKED IDEAS:
Add some random dialogues for rapes, lovins, etc. 
Strap prisoners to their beds
Sex addiction
  - Reduces satisfaction from sex
  - Should only affect nymphomaniacs?


Traits?:
Low Self Esteem (just another pessimist trait)

Dom/Sub

Mindbroken (raped so much that they are at a permanent max happiness, but are worth nothing more than just hauling and cleaning)
 
Branded, this pawn is branded a cow/animal fucker/prostitute/rapist, whatever his/her extra curricular is comes with a negative opinions so they are pretty much never liked?
